in London Hattie Shaw and her team of
mi6 agents attempt to retrieve a
programmable super virus dubbed
snowflake from terrorist organization
Ettie on Brixton lor a net Eon operative
with cybernetic implants that allow him
to perform superhuman feats arrives and
kills all the agents except Hattie who
injects snowflake into herself before
escaping Brixton frames Hattie for
killing her team and stealing snowflake
forcing her to go on the run Luke Hobbs
and Deckard Shaw Paddy's brother are
both informed of the missing virus and
they're reluctantly assigned to work
together to track it down after a brief
meeting at a CIA black site at
Leadenhall building Deckard goes to
Hattie's house for information while
Hobbs manages to find Hattie after a
brief scuffle he brings her to the CIA
office as Deckard then returns the
office is attacked and Hattie is taken
by Brixton whom Deckard recognises as an
old colleague turned enemy he'd
previously shot and supposedly killed
Hobbs and Deckard pursue and rescue
Hattie during an ensuing car chase
managing to escape from Brixton who
crashes into a double-decker bus however
Brixton frames all three as traitors via
a Tian's control of global news media
the three locate professor and Drako
snowflakes creator who informs them that
to prevent snowflake from eradicating
humanity Hattie while the virus is still
dormant must either be killed or have
the virus removed with a specialized
extraction device located in antion's
headquarters in Chernobyl after flying
undercover to Moscow and rendezvous in
with Deckard's girlfriend margarita to
rearm the three infiltrate the facility
however and Drako is killed and the
device is damaged during their escape
if Hobbes takes the trio to his
childhood home in Samoa to visit his
estranged brother Jonah a talented
mechanic to repair the device and lay
low before confronting Brixton again
Hobbs has a tense reunion with his
family but Jonah is eventually persuaded
to help them by their mother the
makeshift battalion prepares for a
Tian's arrival setting up a variety of
traps around the island
Jonah successfully repairs the device
and starts the virus extraction just as
brixon and his army arrive at daybreak
in the ensuing battle all of
Brixton soldiers are defeated Brixton
retakes Hattie via helicopter however
Hobbs Deckard and the Samoans bring the
aircraft down working together Hobbs and
Deckard defeat Brixton who was remotely
terminated afterward by a Tian's
director Hobbs and Deckard send a
message to the director promising to
find them in particular Hobbs whom he
claims to have a history with the group
celebrates their victory in mid and post
credits scenes Hobbs brings his daughter
to meet their extended family in Samoa
Deckard and Hattie are employed to bust
their mother out of prison and Hobbs
receives a call from his partner Locke
informing him that he had broken into a
facility and discovered another virus
worse than the snowflake virus
[Music]